Shield 1129 support link tooltip (#3432)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/silver-buses-collect.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-shell': minor
---

> When the navbar is collapsed, onhover, the support menu item should display a tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the "Support" navigation menu item so it also has a tooltip when the menu is collapsed (same as the rest of the menu root items).
```
